In this final installment , I will explain the flow of
how exact the parameterized test work
so when we run our test at runtime
the junit will immediately know
that it should use the parameterized class to run this test
we use it and this parameterized class
knows to invoke a static method
which is marked with the @parameters annotation.
that is the first thing it does and it gets this data set.
It then uses this data set to create an intance of our class
or it calls this particular constructor
and then when it executes this test method automatically
these 3 values will be substituted in here.
So it first does it with this data set it creates or it calls this constructor
and then it calls the constructor again with this data set
runs this set again it does the same thing for the last and final data set
So that is the power pf parameterized test
we can execute one single test multiple times with different data sets by simply
coming up with a static method first we have created the fields at the test class level
then we have come up with the constructor when we have a static method
that provides different data sets.
we have to mark this static method with the @parameters annotation
and we have to use the parameterized runner.